applications: serial_lte_modem: add CONFIG for external XTAL usage (#3684)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.rst

   It requires additional configuration.
   See :ref:`slm_native_tls` for more information.

> .. option:: CONFIG_SLM_EXTERNAL_XTAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. option:: CONFIG_SLM_EXTERNAL_XTAL - Use external XTAL for UART
```

>    This option enables to configure external XTAL for UART.
>    Refer to nRF9160 PS v2.0 section 6.19 UARTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option configures the application to use an external XTAL for UART.
   See the `nRF9160 Product Specification`_ (section 6.19 UARTE) for more information.
```
